---
id: r6yo3
name: 🛠 How to setup a Dev Environment
file_version: 1.0.2
app_version: 0.9.9-0
---

To run your local dev environment you will need a few things on your machine. Follow the steps below.

## Installations

*   Install [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
    
*   Install an IDE of your choice
    
    *   [VsCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)
        
    *   [InteliJ](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download/#section=mac)
        
*   ...
    
*   ...
    

## Source Code

Clone the repository locally:

```
git clone https://github.com/my_company/company_repo.git
```

## Build

*   Within the repository directory, run `yarn install` to install the project's dependencies.
    
*   Then, build the project by running `yarn build`.
    

Here's what `yarn build` doing behind the scenes:

<br/>



<br/>

<!--BANNER-->
::: CAUTION
**Troubleshooting**
:::

<br/>

```
Error! Cannot execute command (...) "need executable 'ar' to convert dir to deb"(...)
```

*   For electron builder to run, the package `binutils` needs to be installed. Although it should be included when installing electron on the machine/VM - it sometimes fails
    
*   To avoid build issues, please run `sudo apt-get install binutils` to install this dependency before trying to build the app
    

## Windows additional steps

{Insert additional steps here}




## Testing

To run all the tests, run:

```
$ yarn test
```

To run subsets of the tests - you can use `yarn test:<name>`. For example:

```
$ yarn test:server
$ yarn test:utils
```




* * *




# Run 🥳

### macOS and Linux

```
./scripts/run.sh
```

### Windows

```
 .\scripts\run.bat
```

### Web

```
yarn web
```




## Scripts worth mentioning ⚡️✨

Serve your code with a development web server

```
$ yarn dev
```

Pack for Production. This will generate installers.

```
$ yarn pack
```

See package.json for full list of supported yarn scripts:

<br/>



<br/>




## Debugging

*   Open DevTools by pressing Command+Option+I (Mac) or Control+Shift+I (Windows, Linux). This shortcut opens the Console panel.
    
*   Click the Sources tab and pick a file from the files navigator.
    
*   A common method for debugging a problem is to insert a lot of console.log() statements into the code, in order to inspect values as the script executes, but breakpoints can get it done faster.
    

## Congrats

You now have your dev environment ready 🎉

<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](http://localhost:5000/repos/Z2l0aHViJTNBJTNBcHJvcGVydHktbGlzdGluZy1zYW5kYm94JTNBJTNBc3dpbW1pbw==/docs/r6yo3).